[16.0][ADD] product_english_name module (#1732)
OCA/product-attribute: product_english_name/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> - active another language than english and set it to your user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- activate another language than English and set it as your user language.
```

- add your user to 'Show english name' group.

> - browse your products in form view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- browse your products in a form view.
```
